What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do 
it?

When you initialize a repository, Git creates a hiddin .git file in the
specified directory which contains the metadata for the repository and 
is the master file.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area allows you to organize the content of a single commit
accross multiple files. This serves as a prep and organizational tool
to make sure that each commit is logical and contains the appropriate 
files before moving on.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?

You can use Git diff to see any chages to files between the staging
area and the working directory and git diff --staged for differences
between the staging area and the actual repository; doing this allows
you to review which changes (even if you have made multiple unrelated
chages) you want per commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping
your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches could help you use existing code to make another version of
your application. It could also be used to test some experimental
changes or features of the app without altering your existing program.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help to show you what happends to your existing code when
creating new branches from the master and how any new commits relate
or don't relate.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we
represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches adds the commits of one two the other 
interweived chronologically. They are represented as different path
names because the commits of each are separate until they have the 
same branch label.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?

The auto merge feature makes combining changes on different lines quick
however it can't tell which of the changes to the same line in two 
branches should be kept; here is where manually merging may or may
not save time as you may need to make a change to both files or you
may not. 


